[AUDIO LOGO]
>> There's this beautiful
idea of how source is like
the librarian.
Knowing all of this
information and having access
to all of this knowledge, yet
being trapped in the library.
So for source to better
understand itself
and to understand
all that is, source
had to actually go
out and experience all
of these different concepts.
It is through that
experience that you actually
fully understand.
It's like you're going to
have the concept of what it's
like at the beach, but
until you're actually there
and you fully
experience that moment,
it gives you a whole different
perspective on the beach.
So if you translate
that to all that is,
there are so many
different experiences, so
many different
emotions that source
seeks to experience through
us and throughout all
that is throughout the galaxy.
We are a spark of the divine,
a small fractal of source
experiencing in
our own unique way
in this lifetime what it's like
to be human, to be physical,
and to experience this range of
different experiences, emotions,
and to grow and learn as a soul.
And our soul is transferring
that information back to source
so that source can better
understand itself, understand
all that is, and grow and
learn and expand as well.
>> When we first started
going to the starship,
we discovered these
beautiful Pleiadian beings.
And I was able to
really see them
through my pineal gland and
my heart brain coherence.
>> We can experience the
Pleiadian beings in a lot
of different ways because some
people are very visual and they
have vivid dreams at night
and they're able to, during
their meditation, clearly
describe what they're picking up
through their inner
sense of vision.
>> And they very much looked
like us, like human beings--
blonde hair, blue eyes, and very
humanoid-looking in their body.
>> Other people seem to more
have feelings and knowings move
through them or experience
things in their physical body
or have a combination
of all of this.
>> They did tell me that they
come from the fifth dimension
and their frequency
is higher than ours.
And with us raising
our vibration
and they can lower
their vibration in order
to tell empathically
communicate with us.
>> I often feel that when I'm
in the energy of the Pleiadians,
it's a lot of fun.
There is this energy of a
reunion, a coming together,
almost like a high school
reunion in that there
is a little bit of a joke
about the energy, a little bit
of support.
>> These Pleiadian
beings are very funny.
Of course, when there's a
little bit of work to do
and a healing to do,
they are very supportive
and loving toward us.
It feels like they're like our
brothers and sisters and part
of the family.
They're definitely
galactic cousins
and they're very familiar.
>> And certainly, as we
tune into the Pleiadians,
we can work out very, very
quickly that they are closely
tied in with the
evolution of humanity.
>> It feels like we've
known them a long time,
but we're only remembering
that now and reconnecting
to their energy now.
>> Electric blues, energies that
are quite dynamic, supportive,
encouraging, all represent
the Pleiadians coming through.
>> There are multiple
Pleiadian beings on the ship.
We've been introduced to
so many beautiful souls.
>> And as these Pleiadians
tune in during experiences
on the Galactic
Federation ships,
often these Pleiadians are
working specifically at helping
an individual bring
their vibration up.
They are almost the
nexus, the connection
between the human being and
other higher vibrational beings.
>> So when I first
started going to the ship,
I started working
with a Pleiadian,
an older kind of
Pleiadian, who had a gray,
long beard and some
blond and gray hair,
and he was like a
father figure to me.
He was helping me connect
back to my inner child,
merge me back with my soul,
and help guide and support me
through this
heart-opening process.
He was teaching me so
much about the Pleiadians,
how there's the mom and
dad star system and then
the seven sisters around there,
and how the function of the ship
worked.
>> So at this point
in our evolution,
it's as if they play a role to
guide, to assist, to instruct,
even to encourage us to
move into the best versions
of ourselves.
Pleiadians are quite unique
in that they are able to lower
their vibrational state down
into the lower 5D realms
and pick up on humans that
have been able to elevate
their consciousness and have
glimpses of higher vibration
and what we would call
fifth dimensional states.
And it's through
this coming together,
the human being bringing
their consciousness up,
the Pleiadians dropping
their consciousness down,
that we're then able to,
through their assistance,
reach higher levels
of consciousness.
>> As I raise my vibration, Zolo
showed me more and more about
the functions of the ship, how
it originated from the Pleiades,
and the influence from the
Arcturian star system with this
advanced technology.
He started to also
connect and introduce me
to other beings aboard the ship,
which was so exciting because I
got to see more about these
beautiful Pleiadian beings.
Now, I have an amazing
connection with this Pleiadian
called Esco.
And beautiful Esco comes through
to me as this Nordic-Pleiadian.
He's fifth dimensional,
he's funny, he's loving,
he's beautiful, his energy is
very caring and soft and gentle,
a beautiful, divine, masculine
aspect of the Pleiadian beings.
>> Because of this important
role that the Pleiadians play
within the Galactic Federation,
at the moment, they're very,
very active within the
Federation and very much
on the forefront of connection
between the Galactic Federation
and the various members and the
development and encouragement
of humanity to be able to access
and use these higher levels
of consciousness.
Now, if the energy
of the Pleiadians
is very electric, very dynamic,
when the Arcturians are present,
often they have this presence.
It's like you know that
there is an Arcturian there
and the energy of the Arcturians
is quite overwhelming,
quite emotional.
>> The Arcturian beings are like
the big brothers and sisters
of the Pleiadian
ship that we visit.
They are such beautiful,
beautiful light beings.
They seem to come across higher
vibrational than the Pleiadians.
>> Or they have just evolved
in a particularly unique way
so that the difference in
the energy quite noticeable.
Often, the energies can
come through as royal,
the royal green, there's
a lot of deep purple,
and there's a feeling in
the energy of Lumeria,
this connection to the
Earth and to the wisdom
and the sacred geometry
of the universe
that they communicate through
their psychic connections
to the human.
There's this feeling of
stable, of the knowing,
the heart often gets overwhelmed
with unconditional love,
support.
It would be the energy of a
wise grandmother, grandfather,
where you just want to
curl up in their arms
and be cradled and supported.
>> We've met this beautiful
Arcturian being called Julie,
and she's like this mother
being with long fingers,
a bit of an ET alien head, but
this beautiful energy all around
her.
And she comes through
as this light body.
She's an eighth dimensional
being from the Arcturian star
system, and she shares with us
how the system in the Arcturian
star system actually works, how
their power plant is based off
this holographic technology.
And she's able to somehow
channel through her hands
into the hearts of us and bring
through that high frequency
galactic energy for activations
of DNA and other advanced
techniques.
>> And this wisdom and this
unconditional love is helping us
to be able to move towards
this higher version,
this greater understanding
of our purpose of who we are.
And it really feels like they
just want the best for us
as a species.
>> I really feel like the
Arcturian are all one mind,
one conscious living organism
because of the vibration that
they're all in.
Their civilization seems to
be more advanced but balanced
spiritually and intellectually.
And it's like in harmony
with the divine masculine
and the divine feminine.
So I feel like
this is how they're
able to work with the creator
to elevate their frequency
and really help the younger
civilizations in this universe.
So we're becoming to
realize that the Milky Way
galaxy is the father god
consciousness of this universe.
And then the Andromedan
galaxy is the divine feminine,
the mother god aspect
of this universe.
And more and more, we are
finding the Andromedan beings
coming over to the Starship
to connect, to teach,
and they seem to
be very beautiful,
divine feminine beings
with pinks and violets.
>> There is this beauty
and this magical sensation.
It's very whimsical.
Think fairies, butterflies,
unicorns, the dolphins,
a lot of the elementals.
And those fairy spirits
come through when
the energy of the Andromedan
beings is coming through.
>> They come into the
frequency room on the Starship
and they're almost not physical.
They're eighth and
ninth dimensional.
They're just these
beautiful light beings here
to show their presence,
showing that mother love
and that unconditional way
they have in their galaxy.
>> And very often for starseeds,
lightworkers, wayshowers,
we have spent time in the
Andromedan star system before
coming in at this time.
At this time here
on the Earth, there
is a lot of masculine
energy present.
So the preparation
in that Andromedan,
in that divine
feminine star system
was preparing us for our role
to bring these two energies back
into balance.
The alpha and the omega,
the light and the dark.
It's about bringing
those into harmony.
And often, people can
have a strong relationship
with these Andromedan
beings as a child,
if they were fascinated
with those sorts of aspects
of themselves, the fairies,
the gnomes being out
in the garden, that
magic of childhood
that people speak about.
And some, if they're lucky,
have that stay with them
throughout their life.
So as we really start to move
into the Age of Aquarius,
as we move into the
golden age and we
start to embrace the divine
feminine more and more
in our everyday life,
the Andromedan beings
seem to be coming forward
more in experiences
that people have in the ship.
And the support and
the reconnection
with that sensitive
aspect of the self
seems to be getting
more and more support.
Very often, people have shut
down their sensitive side,
they're closed in
their emotions,
and the Andromedans are
encouraging the person
to re-establish that connection
with the magic of childhood,
to be able to feel again, but
also to be able to experience
a wide range of emotions.
Sometimes people,
through their upbringing,
through there childhood,
can be a little
like a block of concrete.
They don't experience a
wide variety of emotions
or often there is a strong wall
around their heart protecting
them.
And that divine feminine
energy is very much there,
encouraging everyone
to move more
into that sensitive
side of ourselves.
>> As we elevated our frequency
and expanded our consciousness,
more and more about the galactic
history and the different
extraterrestrial beings from
this universe were being shown
to us.
And one in particular
very dear to my heart,
were the Lyran beings.
One of the first incarnations
into this universe which
I experienced was a Lyran
being in the Vega star system.
And what we've
come to realize is
many of the starseeds
on the planet
today have had galactic past
lives in the Lyran star system.
>> A lot of starseeds who get
a past life reading or tap
into their Akashic Record
can often feel strong links
to their Lyran heritage right
back in the beginning of time
with the Lyran wars.
And people can feel
strong connections
towards the feline energy.
These wonderful cat-like
beings that often come through
to a person when they're
in these elevated states.
And very often, they
talk about experiences
of almost being able to tune
into the sound, the warmth
of the cat-like energy.
You know when a cat
is pleased to see you
and it purrs in just
that particular tone
and you just know
that there is love
coming from that little
feline being at that moment.
A lot of people have wisps,
glimpses of that resonating
so deeply within them.
>> For me, Lyra came across as a
fifth dimensional consciousness
in balance with the divine
feminine and the divine
masculine energies.
It was kind of like
the feeling of Hawaii.
Being on holiday on a tropical
island, at peace with the ocean,
moving with the planets
in the Lyran star system.
>> Others actually have a strong
connection to the avian aspect
of the Lyran beings.
And these bird-like or
avian-looking beings,
creatures of the air,
creatures of flight
and lightness and brightness
often come through for a person,
and they can have
strong connections
in with these beings.
And those two merge together.
And often, a Lyran being
comes through now more
as a humanoid-looking being.
But from the original,
it was the combination
of these catlike beings and
these avian-looking beings
merging together to
give us what we now
experience as the Lyran being.
>> As I remembered more of
my past galactic lifetimes,
I also remember a devastating
time in the Lyran star system.
It was when the Draconians
and the Reptilian beings
came and took over and
devastated the complete Lyran
system.
I remember there was
a massive war where
many millions of Lyrans got
eliminated and only a few
were able to escape
and be refugees
and got out at that time.
So as these Reptilian
and Draconian
beings came in and
took over, they
created so much
devastation, they
killed millions of
Lyran starseeds.
Fortunately, these
Lyran beings were
able to flee to the
Sirius A and B star system
and be held as refugees there.
>> Often, the person feels like
the connection to those Lyran
beings and Lyra, being very much
like perhaps what Lumeria was
like, very earthly,
very elemental,
and using the natural
environment and the connection
to the power within the natural
environment for spiritual
development was very much a
part of the Lyran way of life,
a lot of peace, a lot of
love, a lot of connected
to their planet.
And that interconnectedness
is something which some people
today often feel
manifests itself
in their connection with plants
or their connection to animals.
And some people have
this beautiful ability
to be able to work so closely
with animals or feel so at peace
in their garden.
And just seem to somehow
have this real connection
to those nature spirits.
And this can be also
linked right back
to the very start of their
soul experiencing time
in the Lyran civilization.
>> The Sirian beings
are beautiful beings.
They're normally coming from
the fourth, fifth, and sixth
dimension.
They come to the ship and
they show their presence
and they just want to
be of service to us.
I always feel like they could do
anything for you and help you.
They're very wise and conscious.
>> The Sirian beings have had
a lot to do with Earth over its
evolution and being involved
in influencing civilization
on the planet, actually,
in a quite direct way.
>> We really do feel that
the Sirians had an influence
or a hand into our civilization
to help build the pyramids
and create this higher
knowledge and wisdom.
>> Involved around
the time of Atlantis,
involved in the creation
of the pyramids.
And certainly, the wisdom
and the teaching feeling
comes through when connecting in
with Sirian beings on the ship.
>> Their role is
to transfer wisdom,
and they've got a few ascended
masters that travel through
their star system, helping
them learn all the wisdom
of the universe to then help the
Galactic Federation share this
information through all of
the different star systems
so the Galactic history
is held in a safe place.
We had a Sirian being
come through to us
and that works with us
and the ship regularly.
Her name is Zillah and she's a
beautiful blue-looking being.
And we've become very familiar
with her and her service,
her intention to be of service.
Her role, like all Sirian
beings, is to be of service
and show love, wisdom, and
knowledge wherever they can.
>> But not necessarily wanting
to joke around with us like
a Pleiadian might want to or
to cradle us, so to speak,
like an Arcturian may.
However, very much the
transfer of wisdom teachings
and this energy of very much
wanting to help and assist,
and the guidance towards the
understanding of sacred geometry
and the laws of the
universe comes through
in the beautiful energy of
these wise Sirian beings.
>> Pete talks about that analogy
of splitting from source,
being the librarian and going
out and having an experience
in physicality and
non-physical forms.
Now, I really feel like
this goes deep in my soul
when I split from source
originally as well.
That is a remembrance
of why we're here
at this time on the planet.
The great awakening
is upon us all
to ascend back home to source.
Firstly, home into our
own hearts and heal.
And then go up through
the different dimensions
and frequencies back
home up to source.
>> So sometimes people can have
dreams where it's like a memory
of them being in battle or
mass destruction and a lot
of sadness.
And it can be linked right back
to the person's galactic past,
this old soul moving
through the Orion wars.
And the Orion
group and the Greys
and a lot of the other species
associated with the Orion Star
system were certainly
negatively polarized way back
in the beginning of the
development of the galaxy.
And while today when we
connect in with the ship,
they don't seem to be
particularly influencing
or looking to support
mankind and the evolution
into the Galactic Federation.
They are certainly
around and involved,
and the traces of their
negatively polarized or service
to self-orientation can still
be seen manifest on our planet
through coercion, through
the constant quest for power
and control.
>> So it's really important
not to get distracted
in the everyday life of
the division, the coercion,
and the splitting of humans.
>> As negatively polarized
beings try to influence human
beings here on the planet
through their actions
and their decisions
to manipulate, coerce,
and control during the current
war on consciousness on this
planet, now more than ever,
humanity moving from a service
to self-orientation into what Ra
describes as service to others
orientation, where we move
towards understanding that we
are all one.
We move towards
moving into truly
embracing fifth
dimensional consciousness.
>> We have to remember who
we are and work and heal
on ourselves to
raise our vibration,
to elevate our consciousness in
order for the shift to happen.
The shift from 3D to 4D and
into 5D into higher states
of consciousness, working
on the inner temple,
working on ourselves, working
on love and connecting back
to ourselves.
And then we can go and be of
service and help the others.
This is all what we should be
focusing on at this great time.
>> There's more and more
information being presented now
about how human civilization has
been in a cycle of rise and fall
for tens of thousands, perhaps
even hundreds of thousands
of years.
This is not the first
time that humanity
has risen towards a higher
level of consciousness.
>> For those of
you that are awake,
you understand it's like a
war on consciousness kind
of repeating itself from those
galactic wars in the Lyran star
system and the
Orion star system.
>> In the past, the Lumerian
civilization was so strong
in the aspects of
the divine feminine,
in the connection to the
elements and to the Earth,
and to the development
of the soul.
Yet we see Atlantis
that was very
developed in the area of wisdom,
knowledge, and very much moving
towards being dominated
by its masculine,
eventually being infiltrated
by service to self-beings.
And eventually, the
Atlantean empire
going to war with
Lemuria, until eventually
as all service to
self-entities end up
playing out the pattern
of self-destruction.
>> This is like the end of a
massive war that's been carrying
out in our galaxy and our
universe for many millions
of years.
So the best thing for us
to do is work on ourselves
and elevate our frequency to go
and help others in preparation
for ascension.
It is the time for
the divine feminine
to rise back into love states,
back into bliss and joy.
>> Now more than ever,
rather than starting again,
it's time for the masculine
and the feminine to come back
into balance, to work in harmony
as we move into this golden age.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> What's playing out
right now on the planet?
We're moving from
3D to 4D into 5D.
>> Now more than ever, higher
vibrational beings are helping
humanity, helping the
individuals who are willing
to do this work.
>> And these beings
coming aboard the ship,
they're showing us this.
This is a mirror of
our future selves.
It's ease and flow.
It feels abundant,
it's overflowing,
and everything's
flourishing in our life
when we reach this
state of consciousness.